<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossentry PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Entry//EN" "glossaryentry.dtd">
<glossentry id="fuzzy_matches">
    <glossterm>Fuzzy matches</glossterm>
    <glossdef>Each CAT tool divides a text into segments. Then, it begins analysing the text against
        a relevant translation memory. As a result, each segment is given a score, i.e. a match
        ranging from 1 to 99%. Matches are important because they speed up the translation process
        and provide discounts. As a result, you save a lot on a bigger translation memory and
        similar texts stored in it. There are different types of matches:<ul id="ul_if1_njz_htb">
            <li><i>101% match </i>(also called: ICE match or a context match) is an identical
                segment in an identical context, which means we the translator can be sure this
                match can be approved, because the segments before and after it are also
                identical.</li>
            <li><i>100% match</i> (also called: identical match) is an identical segment, but the
                segment before or after it is different, which means it still needs to be checked by
                the translator.</li>
            <li><i>99% - 95% matches</i> – almost exact matches; it is usually enough to check the
                tags or particular words in the segment</li>
            <li><i>95% - 75% matches</i> – they are called high and medium fuzzy matches which show
                similar texts in the translation memory where some changes are needed</li>
            <li><i>75% - 50% matches</i> – low fuzzy matches usually useless for the translation
                process and most CAT tools do not show them at all; as a result such segments are
                considered “no matches” for which you need to pay the whole price</li>
            <li><i>Fuzzy repeat matches (95% - 75% internal matches)</i> – these are similar
                segments found not in the translation memory, but across one file or more files in
                one project. Not all vendors provide discounts on them, but you can always try to
                convince them.</li>
            <li><i>Repetitions </i>– are types of internal matches, i.e. identical segments found
                across one file or more files in one project. However, their special status is due
                to the fact that most vendors charge less for them, while not willing to pay less
                for the others.</li>
            <li><i>Machine translation matches</i> – if you use an MT engine for your translation
                project, each segment for which no fuzzy match was found in the TM is propagated
                with machine translation from this engine</li>
        </ul></glossdef>
</glossentry>
