<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="analysing">
    <title>Analyzing your translation process</title>
    <shortdesc>The first step that you need to take is to perform due diligence of the existing
        translation process at your company.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>These steps will help you get to know what you already have and decide what should
                change in your <xref href="tms_in_the_corporate_language_policy.dita">Corporate
                    Language Policy</xref>.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Analyze the translation process that runs at your company so far by answering
                    the following questions:</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_ltk_35p_2tb">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>What content do you usually translate?</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Which <xref href="file_formats.dita">file formats</xref> are sent for
                            translation?</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Which tools do you use?</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Who manages the whole process: is it centralized or dispersed, operated
                            globally or locally?</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Do you have any <xref href="../glossary/g_translation_memory.dita"
                                >TMs</xref> and/or <xref href="../glossary/g_termbase.dita"
                                >TBs</xref>? Where are they stored (internally, at your translation
                            partner’s)?</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Do you have a database of translated documents/resources?</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>How is translation quality managed?</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Are there any complaints of internal users and if so, what do they
                            concern (e.g. translation is too slow, quality is poor, it costs a
                            lot)?</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>How much does the translation cost your company?</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Who do you cooperate with (in-house team, freelancers, agencies)?</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Do you need any <xref href="connectors.dita">connectors</xref> to the
                            systems used at your company?</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Decide if and how this process should change by answering the following
                    questions:</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_mlg_bvp_2tb">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Who will take care of the new/amended process?</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Does it have to fit in your existing workflows or will you create new
                            ones?</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>What budget do you have at your disposal?</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>How is the translation process to be aligned with the corporate
                            language policy or business operations (e.g. change to more agile work,
                            more automate processes)?</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>What is the company’s policy concerning cloud-based tools?</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result id="result_t15_w5p_2tb">At this stage you should have a document containing the
            answers to the above questions with recommendation on the further development of the
            translation process.</result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
