<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="best_practices_of_cooperation">
    <title>Agreeing on best cooperation practices</title>
    <shortdesc>Once you have set up the TMS in your company, you need to inform your vendors that
        you will soon use it for all the translation projects.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>However, before you start, you should agree on certain aspects because work with TMS may
            be different than the standard terms of cooperation: In particular, you should clarify
            the following issues:</p>
        <section id="section_c2y_rqk_jtb">
            <title>Terms of cooperation</title>
            <p>
                <ul id="ul_wh2_tqk_jtb">
                    <li>Decide what kind of agreements you should sign with your vendors depending
                        on your business needs (compliance) – Cooperation Agreement,
                            <abbreviated-form keyref="g_nda"/>, <abbreviated-form keyref="g_sla"/>,
                        annexes (e.g. complaints procedure, LQA process, <xref
                            href="rate_cards.dita">rate cards</xref>), etc.</li>
                    <li>Discuss the invoicing terms with your vendor – if you should be invoiced in
                        advance or after translation, monthly or after each project, based on <xref
                            href="quotations.dita">purchase order</xref> from TMS or PO from your
                        vendor.</li>
                    <li>Agree with your vendor on how to deal with confidential texts (e.g. work
                        outside TMS).</li>
                    <li>Inform your vendor that not all projects may be processed in TMS (e.g.
                        certified translations, patents, etc.) and agree on a suitable process and
                        pricing for them.</li>
                    <li>Agree with your vendor on how to proceed with non-editable graphics (e.g.
                        export texts to open format files, additional price, etc.).</li>
                    <li>Prepare a checklist for your vendors, outlining aspects not covered by the
                        Cooperation Agreement to be used with your projects in TMS.</li>
                    <li>Make sure the <abbreviated-form keyref="g_lsp"/> informs its linguists of
                        all relevant aspects of cooperation with you and ensures all the PMs are
                        also updated.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_c53_tqk_jtb">
            <title>Communication</title>
            <p>
                <ul id="ul_xyp_5qk_jtb">
                    <li>Decide upon the main communication channel with your vendor for your
                        translation projects (email, TMS notifications, vendor's client portal,
                        etc.)</li>
                    <li>Agree on communication process during the project e.g. when translators have
                        questions – how project participants (linguists, PMs, client) should proceed
                        to keep the deadline.</li>
                    <li>Remember that your vendors may work in different time zones and countries so
                        when setting deadlines make sure you specify it and take account of holidays
                        different than yours.</li>
                    <li>Discuss with your vendor what to do in case of technical problems with the
                        TMS (if you should be the contact person or they can contact support
                        directly).</li>
                    <li>Establish the way of how you should be informed that the vendor has finished
                        the project and how files should be transferred to you (via TMS, by email,
                        via data transfer system, etc.).</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_dxt_5qk_jtb">
            <title>Translation in TMS</title>
            <p>
                <ul id="ul_v11_wqk_jtb">
                    <li>Send all reference materials to your vendor to help linguists deliver
                        accurate translations. Reference materials may include corporate websites,
                        previous translations (not existing in your TMs), offline glossaries,
                        etc.</li>
                    <li>Inform your vendor about the need to use of <abbreviated-form
                            keyref="g_translation_memory"/>, <abbreviated-form keyref="g_termbase"
                        />, Concordance and what to do in case of conflicting matches (e.g. use the
                        most recent one).</li>
                    <li>Discuss with your vendor whether linguists can use machine translation for
                        particular projects or not.</li>
                    <li>Ask your vendors to use in-context preview if available for particular files
                        to check the translation in reality (not only in the text editor) and the
                        length of texts.</li>
                    <li>Make sure the vendor understands the need to run automatic QA on a file in
                        TMS to check e.g. non-translated texts or invalid inline tags.</li>
                    <li>Ensure your vendor generates the target file from TMS to check its layout
                        after translation (e.g. if there are no hidden texts or if the file is ready
                        to be sent to the final client). If there are layout issues, agree with the
                        vendor who should fix them (if the vendor, discuss an additional
                        price).</li>
                    <li>Ask your vendor to confirm all segments in the text editor so that the TM
                        could be updated automatically.</li>
                    <li>Inform your vendor about the need to follow messages from TMS concerning its
                        potential unavailability for maintenance, which may affect their work and
                        your deadline.</li>
                    <li>Discuss with your vendor how many licenses they will need for their
                        linguists. Inform them that your TMS may be unavailable at certain times due
                        to the exceeding of the number of concurrent users (if applicable).</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p>
                <note id="note_ubn_xqk_jtb">It is a good practice to prepare a checklist for your
                    vendors, outlining aspects not covered by the Cooperation Agreement to be used.
                    It may list some or all of the above issues relevant for dealing with your
                    projects in the TMS.</note>
            </p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
