<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="connectors">
    <title>Connectors</title>
    <shortdesc>Learn how to gain more control over your content by integrating content management
        systems and translation management systems via a connector.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>XTM offers you a possibility of using <xref href="https://xtm.cloud/connectors/"
                format="html" scope="external">different connectors</xref> that have already been
            established for and tested by other companies. However, you can also contact the
            development team for an offer of a custom-made integration with the system that is not
            on the above list. It can be pricey, though, and may also require some work from your IT
            team so be prepared with some additional financial and human resources.</p>
        <section id="section_zll_j1l_jtb">
            <title>What is a TMS connector?</title>
            <p>A TMS connector makes it possible to transfer content from your content management
                system (CMS) to the TMS easily using a set of protocols. There, it can be
                translated, whether by machine translation, professional translators, or both.
                Afterwards, the connector can upload the translated files back into the CMS so you
                can easily access them. In fact, any organization that works with high volumes of
                content in multiple languages could benefit from a TMS connector. For example, a
                company with a multilingual website and a blog that requires frequent updates can
                benefit from a TMS connector that connects their website CMS to their <xref
                    href="../glossary/g_lsp.dita">LSP’s</xref> TMS.</p>
            <p>The integrations between systems are made possible by a layer of software (a
                connector) based on the RESTFUL API principles of push and pull. Depending on the
                types of systems, these integrations can be either lightweight, which involves very
                little set-up, or more intricate middleware type configurations.</p>
            <p>There are many different connector types depending on what they are used for:<ul
                    id="ul_jvp_k1l_jtb">
                    <li>content management system (CMS) (e.g. Wordpress)</li>
                    <li>e-commerce</li>
                    <li>customer relationship management (CRM) and customer service</li>
                    <li>marketing content and marketing automation</li>
                    <li>code repositories (e.g. GitHub)</li>
                    <li>product information management (PIM) system</li>
                    <li>cloud service solutions</li>
                    <li>digital asset management (DAM)</li>
                </ul></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_eqr_l1l_jtb">
            <title>What are the benefits of using them?</title>
            <p>The connectors save time, reduce file management costs, cut down turnaround times and
                make localization simple. You also have more control over your content and can
                reduce human errors since the whole process is automatic.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_rb3_m1l_jtb">
            <title>XTM example</title>
            <p>XTM offers you a possibility of using <xref href="https://xtm.cloud/connectors/"
                    format="html" scope="external">different connectors</xref> that have already
                been established for and tested by other companies. However, you can also contact
                the development team for an offer of a custom-made integration with the system that
                is not on the above list. It can be pricey, though, and may also require some work
                from your IT team so be prepared with some additional financial and human
                resources.</p>
            <p>Since the release of XTM version 13.0, its connectors have entered a continuous
                deployment cycle, providing ongoing releases of new features. This means that you
                will see updates being made to connectors in between main releases, enabling use of
                new connector functionality faster. </p>
            <p>For a more comprehensive reference to TMS integrations, you can visit <xref
                    href="https://www.nimdzi.com/integration-map/" format="html" scope="external"
                    >Nimdzi</xref>.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
