<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="future_of_tmss">
    <title>Future of TMSs in business setting</title>
    <shortdesc>Translation Management Systems are a novelty in the industry, but they still undergo
        many improvements.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>Here are some trends that we may expect TMSs to follow in the future:</p>
        <ul id="ul_wz5_jvx_2tb">
            <li><b>interoperability with different CMSs</b> – so that content managers could be able
                to order translations within their own environment and save on licensing costs</li>
            <li><b>connectivity with <xref href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Authoring_system"
                        format="html" scope="external">text authoring tools</xref></b> – so that
                technical writers could leverage on the existing multilingual content</li>
            <li><b>incorporation of business management functions</b> – to preview the localization
                cost and time-frame</li>
            <li><b>integration with other enterprise systems</b> – such as general ledger
                applications and sales force automation tools</li>
            <li><b>better TM leveraging</b> – so that project managers could make the best possible
                use of their translation memories. For example, XTM's algorithm has been enhanced to
                deliver up to 25% improved accuracy, enabling users to leverage more TM matches in
                segments which differ only by the order of words or proper nouns. Plus, it gives the
                savings that come from the fact that the fuzzy matching calculation score algorithm
                was able to retrieve the TM match, as opposed to standard algorithms which would
                assign too low a score to this example or possibly fail to retrieve it at all.</li>
            <li>
                <b>AI-enhanced TM features</b> – so that fuzzy matches coming from the TM could be
                directly sent to MT engine, enabling TM and MT to work together to deliver the best
                match possible. This is particularly useful when the source text could be translated
                in a number of different ways. It can solve the problem of lacking or inconsistent
                context in machine translation. This feature is also already available in XTM.</li>
        </ul>
    </conbody>
</concept>
