<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="introduction">
    <title>Introduction to TMS</title>
    <shortdesc>Learn who needs this manual and when a TMS is a better choice than a CAT
        tool.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>This manual will help you go through the process of <b>choosing the right Translation
                Management System (TMS) for your company</b>. A TMS is a software platform designed
            for managing translation and localization projects in a single place.</p>
        <section id="section_mxv_5nj_jtb">
            <title>Who is this manual for?</title>
            <p>It provides hands-on information for <b>translation and localization
                    professionals</b> working both in <b>enterprises</b> and for <b>language service
                    providers</b>. It will be useful for those who already have some experience with
                CAT tools, but are now looking for more comprehensive solutions. The target audience
                also includes persons wishing to bring their work onto a new level by starting to
                use a TMS or by switching to another one.</p>
            <p>It is not another marketing presentation. Quite the contrary: it is a very practical
                documentation on <xref href="key_tms_features.dita">TMS features</xref> important
                from business perspective. There is no one-fits-all solution. Every company has
                different needs. However, there are some common features that you should take into
                account when choosing your ideal tool. And you will find them here.</p>
            <p>By creating this documentation, I have collected all the knowledge and experience I
                have gained so far in the translation and localization industry. There is a lot of
                information on this topic on the web, but it is mostly dispersed so you have to
                spend a lot of time searching and browsing through data you need. Therefore, this
                compact manual is perfect for you if you need to decide what to look for in a
                TMS.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_ibj_rnj_jtb">
            <title>What can you find in this manual?</title>
            <p>
                <ul id="ul_n2p_snj_jtb">
                    <li>Brief <xref href="what_is_tms.dita">description</xref> and <xref
                            href="market_overview.dita">overview</xref> of TMS available in the
                        market (2022)</li>
                    <li>Reasons <xref href="which_companies_need_a_tms.dita">for</xref> and <xref
                            href="what_are_common_concerns_about_using_a_tms.dita">against</xref>
                        having a TMS</li>
                    <li><xref href="how_to_make_a_final_decision.dita">Steps</xref> that you should
                        take when deciding to buy a TMS</li>
                    <li>Analysis of <xref href="key_tms_features.dita">key features</xref> of a TMS
                        and how they can help your company tackle translation and localization
                        challenges</li>
                    <li>Practical information shown on an <xref href="https://xtm.cloud/"
                            format="html" scope="external"><b>XTM</b></xref> example</li>
                    <li>What to <xref href="best_practices_of_cooperation.dita">do after</xref> you
                        have launched a TMS in your company</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_ow5_zj2_jtb">
            <title>Why have I chosen XTM?</title>
            <p>Because I know this system and I work with it every day. Please note that I am not
                related to XTM International, the software provider, in any way and this is not a
                promotional text. What’s more, XTM’s documentation is very complex, it is available
                in so many different places and is not much user-friendly. That’s why I wanted to
                make its key parts more accessible and succinct for future users.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_e5c_fpj_jtb">
            <title>Your goal? My answer.</title>
            <p>So if you have a goal: <b>to find the right translation solution for your
                company</b>, but you don’t know what and how, I hope it will be clearer once you
                have read everything.</p>
            <p>For your convenience, you can download this manual also as a <xref
                    href="../docs/how_to_choose_tms.pdf" format="pdf">pdf file</xref>.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
