<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="preparing_for_launch">
    <title>Preparing for launch</title>
    <shortdesc>You have made your choice and still need to comply with a lot of formalities before
        you can start working with your TMS.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_y1b_gwp_2tb">Start this stage only after you have received an
                <b>approval</b> to buy the selected TMS from your management.</prereq>
        <context>Follow these steps to ensure that your new tool finds its place in your
            company.</context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Start the sales process with the TMS provider (either through your purchasing
                    department or on your own):</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_i24_3wp_2tb">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Ask the TMS provider for all necessary agreements (<xref
                                href="https://xtm.cloud/master-subscription-agreement/"
                                format="html" scope="external">subscription agreement</xref>,
                                <abbreviated-form keyref="g_nda"/>, <abbreviated-form keyref="g_sla"
                            />, <abbreviated-form keyref="g_dpa"/> if applicable). You can also use
                            your templates if available.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Consult these documents with your legal department. Allocate some time
                            for this part because the negotiation process is usually a lengthy
                            one.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Request an offer to be presented to the management for final approval
                            (containing all the terms and conditions of purchase).</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Arrange for a TMS to be installed on-premises or on your instance in
                            the cloud.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Train your team, translation vendors and other internal customers that need to
                    work with it. You need some time to implement it and learn how to use it.</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_z44_pwp_2tb">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Prepare internal documentation for your new TMS to present its main
                            features and benefits of using it.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Manage the whole onboarding process by delivering training to new users
                            (project managers, reviewers, translators).</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Draft relevant documentation (e.g. checklist for translation vendors,
                            guide on how to review documents for in-house reviewers).</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Set yourself as the first point of contact for all TMS-related issues
                            (user access rights, technical support).</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Carry out an internal marketing campaign for your refreshed translation
                            process with your TMS as the key tool. Advertise it e.g. in the
                            intranet.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Start looking for new partners if not all of your translation vendors
                            wish to continue cooperation with you with the use of the new TMS.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Collect all your <xref href="../glossary/g_translation_memory.dita">TMs</xref>
                    and <xref href="../glossary/g_termbase.dita">TBs</xref> (if any) from your
                    previous vendors and migrate them to the TMS. Create <xref href="workflows.dita"
                        >workflows</xref>, user accounts with relevant <xref
                        href="access_rights.dita">access rights and roles</xref>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Set the go-live date and start working with your new TMS. Initially process
                    only some projects (the easiest ones) and gradually move the whole translation
                    process to it. Once you discover all the TMS’s features, you will no longer
                    imagine work outside it ;). You will process even very complex projects in
                    it.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Be prepared to report on TMS key metrics such as translation volume (number of
                    TM segments, translated words), language pairs, discounts on TM use, overall
                    external costs. It is a good idea to have an Excel report at hand with all
                    relevant data generated from TMS from time to time. Every management would like
                    to be updated on the metrics (Key Performance Indicators - KPIs) relating to the
                    process.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <postreq id="postreq_czw_kth_3tb">Once in a while, review your decision:<ul
                id="ul_dwk_nth_3tb">
                <li>Check if the TMS meets your business needs: are there more advantages than
                    disadvantages from using it? Are all of your company’s requirements met?</li>
                <li>Continue taking part in webinars to be up-to-date with your TMS upgrades.</li>
                <li>Check what is available in the market: has anything new appeared or changed in
                    the TMS offer?</li>
                <li>Ask yourself a question if you are satisfied with cooperation with this TMS
                    provider (e.g. as regards IT support, your customer success manager).</li>
                <li>Conduct a satisfaction survey among your vendors and/or your internal clients
                    working in this TMS. Analyze its results and present it in a form of an
                    executive report for your management.</li>
            </ul></postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
