<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="product_development">
    <title>Product development</title>
    <shortdesc>You have bought a TMS and what comes next? Since every IT tool is upgraded from time
        to time and you get the new version instantly if you use the cloud-based software, you need
        to be ready for constant changes.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>However, you can also have an impact on the future development plan of a TMS to improve
            your translation process and achieve your business goals. How is it possible? Your TMS
            provider can offer a variety of ways to involve you in shaping of the development of its
            features. Here are a few opportunities:</p>
        <section id="section_cds_pzk_jtb">
            <title>XTM Wish List</title>
            <p>With XTM Wish List available from <xref
                    href="https://xtm.cloud/welcome-on-xtm-on-demand/" format="html"
                    scope="external">XTM On Demand</xref>, you can request or vote for new features.
                This portal is a platform for customers to submit feedback and suggest what should
                appear in the TMS. As a result, you can play an active part in creating future
                versions of the XTM product portfolio.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_etm_qzk_jtb">
            <title>XTM Labs</title>
            <p><xref href="https://xtm.cloud/xtm-labs/" format="html" scope="external">XTM
                    Labs</xref> is a brand new concept leveraging on XTM Wish List. When new
                features and upgrades that you suggested are included in the next release, you’ll
                get exclusive access to them. You’ll also be able to submit feedback before they are
                available to everyone else, and customize them.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_ypr_rzk_jtb">
            <title>Product Manager</title>
            <p>The position of a Product Manager is a role key to meeting the unique requirements of
                clients by driving continual improvement to TMS's product strategy. This person
                works with development teams, as well as with users and customers to collect and
                analyze their feedback, which is later transformed into a product roadmap.</p>
            <p>As a result, it is good to have direct contact to such person at the TMS providers'
                to be able to voice your requirements and hear about planned releases.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
