<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="public_vs_private_cloud">
    <title>Public, private or hybrid cloud</title>
    <shortdesc>You can decide to have your TMS installed in a variety of ways.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>Online service providers offer solutions to their clients on:</p>
        <ul id="ul_hsy_dfb_zsb">
            <li>private cloud</li>
            <li>public cloud</li>
            <li>hybrid cloud</li>
        </ul>
        <p><b>What's the difference between them and how does it affect your decision on which TMS
                to buy?</b></p>
        <p>There’s no one type of cloud that’s right for every organization. As a result, a choice
            of a deployment method depends on your business needs.</p>
        <p>A <b>private cloud</b> is cloud computing with resources used <b>exclusively</b> by one
            business. It can be physically located at your organization’s on-site data center, or it
            can be hosted by a third-party service provider. But in this case, the services and
            infrastructure are always maintained on a <b>private network</b> and the hardware and
            software are dedicated solely to one organization.</p>
        <p>A <b>public cloud</b> is cloud computing with resources (hardware, software, storage,
            network devices, etc.) owned and operated by a third-party cloud service provider and
            delivered over the internet. Clients share the same infrastructure with other
            organizations (known as “tenants”) accessing services and managing their accounts using
            a web browser.</p>
        <p>A <b>hybrid cloud</b> is cloud computing that uses both public and private clouds, or
            combine online and on-premises resources. Infrastructure components can share the
            resources between public and private cloud deployment depending on the business needs.
            It is often used by organizations that require assistance in the form of public cloud
            services e.g. to meet increased traffic demand or private clouds to handle sensitive
            data. It is the most complex solution requiring some IT knowledge.</p>
        <p>In the table below you will find a <b>comparison of the most important cloud
            aspects</b>:</p>
        <table id="table_odl_bhb_zsb" frame="all">
            <title>Comparison of top cloud features</title>
            <tgroup cols="4">
                <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1"/>
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2"/>
                <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3"/>
                <colspec colname="newCol4" colnum="4"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Aspect</entry>
                        <entry>Public cloud</entry>
                        <entry>Private cloud</entry>
                        <entry>Hybrid cloud</entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry><b>Security</b></entry>
                        <entry><i>medium</i><p>there is always a risk of data disclosure due to
                                resource sharing</p></entry>
                        <entry><i>high</i><p>dedicated to one organization, more secure if on-site
                                than online</p></entry>
                        <entry><i>high</i><p>possibility of customized security measures</p></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><b>Control</b></entry>
                        <entry><i>low</i><p>both over costs and infrastructure
                            availability</p></entry>
                        <entry><i>high</i><p>especially when stored on-site</p></entry>
                        <entry><i>medium</i><p>lack of direct control over public
                            infrastructure</p></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><b>Customization</b></entry>
                        <entry><i>low</i><p>features are the same for all clients using
                            it</p></entry>
                        <entry><i>high</i><p>flexibility to meet specific business needs</p></entry>
                        <entry><i>high</i><p>possibility to choose which resources are stored on
                                which cloud</p></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><b>Costs</b></entry>
                        <entry><i>low</i><p>you pay only for the service used and do not have to buy
                                any infrastructure</p></entry>
                        <entry><i>high</i><p>you incur initial costs of installation, then pay for
                                each upgrade</p></entry>
                        <entry><i>medium</i><p>flexible plans to meet specific demands</p></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><b>Installation and maintenance</b></entry>
                        <entry><i>none</i><p>service provider is responsible for it</p></entry>
                        <entry><i>required</i><p>only if it is stored on-site</p></entry>
                        <entry><i>required</i><p>only if it is stored on-site</p></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><b>Reliability</b></entry>
                        <entry><i>high</i><p>ensured by a variety of third-party servers and
                                back-ups</p></entry>
                        <entry><i>high</i><p>SLA performance and efficiency</p></entry>
                        <entry><i>high</i><p>due to workload diversity</p></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><b>Scalability</b></entry>
                        <entry><i>unlimited</i><p>resources are always available to meet any
                                demand</p></entry>
                        <entry><i>medium</i><p>depending on the subscription plan (may not meet
                                unpredictable demands)</p></entry>
                        <entry><i>high</i><p>achieved without exposing sensitive IT workloads to the
                                inherent security risks</p></entry>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
        <p>Which solution to choose then? The answer is: the one that <b>meets the needs of your
                organization</b> and <b>is within your budget</b>. You are also limited to the offer
            that is available on the market. However, it is always good to know about all the
            benefits and drawbacks.</p>
        <p>For example, if you wish to purchase a private cloud to use XTM, you should read its
                <xref
                href="https://help.xtm.cloud/xtm-cloud/13/en/server-specifications-for-private-xtm-cloud.html"
                format="html" scope="external">specification</xref>.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
