<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="roi">
    <title>Budgeting</title>
    <shortdesc>Once considered an additional expense of doing business, translation is now a driver
        of growth and revenue when done right.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>Most of the available TMSs are cloud-based subscription systems. They are<b> never
                free</b> for corporate use so you need to pay for them based on the number of
            (concurrent) users or data usage, required features, monthly or annually. It can be
            difficult to compare pricing plans of different providers, but, ultimately, it is the
            annual cost that should be budgeted.</p>
        <p>It is a must to draft a <b>business plan</b> showing the <b>return on investment
                (ROI)</b> to be presented to your management. It should contain all costs to be
            incurred on a TMS and the translation volume currently processed by your organization.
            You should also indicate that a TMS automates a lot of tasks, so fewer <b>manual steps =
                lower translation costs</b>.</p>
        <p>You can check the official <xref href="https://xtm.cloud/pricing/" format="html"
                scope="external">XTM pricing</xref>, but it is also a good practice of TMS providers
            to offer discounts to regular customers or for bigger purchase volume.</p>
        <p>Usually, each TMS offer has different plans with available features for various target
            groups (e.g. small translation teams, bigger <xref href="../glossary/g_lsp.dita"
                >LSPs</xref>, enterprises). If you decide to buy XTM Cloud, you <b>pay for the
                number of concurrent users.</b> Their plan for enterprises includes license bands,
            which are based on the rate, multiplied by the number of users.</p>
        <p>For example, for 10 concurrent users you can spend approx. <b>€ 6,000</b> per year plus
                <b>€ 3,000</b> if you need special connectors (e.g. for InDesign files and MT
            engine). </p>
        <p>You need to balance this investment with savings that you have on your translation
            projects (due to the reuse of previous content from translation memories and discounts
            offered by vendors), which can be as high as <b>60%</b>. Add to that a possibility of
            using secure machine translation engine (and more savings!), improved quality and faster
            time to market for your products.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
