<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="security">
    <title>Security</title>
    <shortdesc>Nowadays, data security is on top of mind of all businesses, with the translation
        industry being no exception. </shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>On one hand, it concerns the confidentiality of transmitted content and the protection of
            sensitive data. On the other, data is power so it is a must to protect it against
            accidental loss, especially in case of a cloud solution.</p>
        <p>With all legal and compliance obligations, you need to choose a TMS carefully in
            cooperation with the legal and IT departments to adapt the translation process to your
            needs. You will certainly need to ask your TMS provider to sign a <xref
                href="../glossary/g_dpa.dita">DPA</xref> and <xref href="../glossary/g_nda.dita"
                >NDA</xref>. If you can provide them with your corporate terms, the better for
            you.</p>
        <p>There are certain aspects that should be kept in mind to ensure the secure environment
            for your translation management. It is important to check if your TMS of choice offers
            the following features:<ul id="ul_x1z_4lw_gtb">
                <li>Using SSL certificate - to ensure secure communication via HTTPS</li>
                <li>Enabling API authentication for new users</li>
                <li>Allowing 2-Step verification</li>
                <li>LDAP authentication (e.g. for corporate Active Directory)</li>
                <li>Configuring allowed login attempts</li>
                <li>Disabling account after non-use</li>
                <li>Configuring computer activation level</li>
                <li>Password settings (e.g. duration, strength, use of brute force dictionary)</li>
                <li>Privacy settings (e.g. option to hide the names or details of other users of the
                    system)</li>
            </ul></p>
        <p>All of these are provided by XTM being a <b>secure environment</b> to work in.</p>
        <p>In addition, XTM is <b><xref
                    href="https://www.beuth.de/en/standard/din-en-iso-iec-27001/269670716"
                    format="html" scope="external">ISO/IEC 27001: 2017-06</xref></b> certified,
            which confirms that the provider has the processes in place to protect customer data.
            It’s also evident that its information security management system (ISMIS) is able to
            minimize risk and ensure business continuity by pro-actively limiting the impact of a
            security breach.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
