<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="tms_in_the_corporate_language_policy">
    <title>TMS in Corporate Language Policy</title>
    <shortdesc>It is good to know which companies should choose a TMS and how what their concerns
        are.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>From a business perspective, a <b>Corporate Language Policy</b> is a must for every
            multinational and multilingual corporation engaged in international operations. It
            should be drafted at the beginning of their globalization process along other important
            regulations and procedures such as Security Policy or Data Protection Policy. However,
            it is often not the case, which is a pity.</p>
        <p>A Corporate Language Policy is a comprehensive strategy that defines the organization's
            approach to the language that is used in external and internal communication to be more
            diverse and inclusive. The best option is to write it down in the form of an official
            document and make it available to all the employees worldwide.</p>
        <p>It defines in particular:</p>
        <p>
            <ul id="ul_wrl_myp_zsb">
                <li>one global corporate language (e.g. English)</li>
                <li>what needs to be translated and into which languages</li>
                <li>how the language policy helps achieve corporate objectives</li>
                <li>what tools are used and by whom</li>
                <li>if the translation process is kept in-house or outsourced</li>
                <li>aspects of inter-cultural communication</li>
                <li>impact on other internal regulations e.g. employment policy, marketing
                    strategy</li>
            </ul>
        </p>
        <p>While being a rather general and high-level document, a Corporate Language Policy may
            contain a more detailed <b>localization strategy</b> which focuses more on target
            markets and customers buying company's products. And here is where you should look when
            deciding upon a TMS. Its features must correspond to the goals set by the organization
            on how to communicate its message.</p>
        <p>For example, if your company wishes to make only websites and customer service
            communication available in other languages, you may decide on a more
            localization-oriented TMS (such as <xref href="https://lokalise.com/home" format="html"
                scope="external">Localise</xref>). However, when your targets are both marketing
            materials, IT software strings and corporate communication, then choose a comprehensive
            Translation Management System instead (e.g. <xref href="https://xtm.cloud/"
                format="html" scope="external">XTM</xref>, <xref href="https://www.memsource.com/"
                format="html" scope="external">Memsource</xref>).</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
