<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="translation_editor_workbench">
    <title>Translation editor (Workbench)</title>
    <shortdesc>Currently, hardly anyone translates in an original document, be it Word, HTML file or
        InDesign. Most translators and reviewers work in <b>special text editors</b> that are core
        CAT tool components.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p> As a result, they do not need any other special tools (e.g. code editors for html) or
            even software licenses (e.g. for InDesign) to translate a special file. It is possible
            to work with any file format on a plain text.</p>
        <p>Such editors can be available as <b>desktop</b> or <b>cloud</b> versions. However, most
            TMSs will have both options with the latter one set as default. Therefore, translators
            need stable internet connection to be able to work in it, which can still be a nuisance
            for them. However, thanks to the integration with translation memories, termbases and
            machine translation engines, linguists can speed up the translation process.</p>
        <p>You should also remember that not only linguists use the translation editor interface in
            a TMS. As a result, its features should meet the needs also of project managers doing
            the last check before delivering the file to the client.</p>
        <p>Here are some aspects that you should pay special attention to when choosing your
            TMS:</p>
        <p>
            <ul id="ul_ckx_fvp_gtb">
                <li><xref href="dealing_with_inline_tags.dita">Inline tags</xref></li>
                <li><xref href="preview.dita">Preview</xref></li>
                <li><xref href="filtering.dita">Filtering</xref></li>
                <li><xref href="offline_editor.dita">Offline editor</xref></li>
            </ul>
        </p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
