<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="what_are_common_concerns_about_using_a_tms">
    <title>What are common concerns about using a TMS?</title>
    <shortdesc>As with every new tool, there is a risk your business will resist to the
        change.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>Once the management decides upon buying a TMS, different participants of the translation
            process may raise their objections. Here is what you may often hear from them and how
            you may reply:</p>
        <table id="table_qpg_x4q_zsb">
            <title>Common concerns of potential TMS users</title>
            <tgroup cols="2">
                <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1"/>
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>They say:</entry>
                        <entry>You reply:</entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry><i>It is very expensive so it is not worth it. We already spend a lot
                                on translation.</i></entry>
                        <entry>We have calculated it: we will save more on leveraging on centralized
                            TMs than spend on the TMS. We will no longer pay twice for translation
                            of the same content and will benefit from discounts on similar texts. We
                            will have a bigger control over the pricing policy than it used to be so
                            far.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><i>It is difficult to use. We would need ongoing technical
                                support.</i></entry>
                        <entry>Yes, that's true: new systems require time to learn. However, most
                            TMS providers offer free initial training courses, catch-up webinars,
                            support documentation and/or access to a Key Account Manager. You will
                            also be able to get help from a dedicated Localization Specialist. We
                            will also draft user manuals and guidelines for our internal
                            stakeholders.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><i>The translation process will take longer than now and time to
                                market is crucial.</i></entry>
                        <entry>TMSs make the translation faster by leveraging on translation
                            memories and content reuse. They also have special features to automate
                            a variety of tasks so forget about unnecessary steps in the
                            process.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><i>Our reviewers will not be willing to use it. They are used to
                                working on standard documents.</i></entry>
                        <entry>Explain that you will make the whole process user-friendly. Everyone
                            will be able to work according to their preferences. Most TMSs allow for
                            exporting file previews that can be worked on in a traditional way. But
                            it is also possible to use the Editor saving on time and making the
                            whole process quicker.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><i>It will complicate our workflows. We do not want to change what is
                                already functioning well.</i></entry>
                        <entry>People are generally reluctant to change but it doesn't mean it has
                            to be for the worse. Try to show each of them the benefits of using a
                            TMS from their perspective. Focus mostly on cost- and time-savings and a
                            bigger control over the whole process.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><i>Our current translation vendors will not want to use it. Each of
                                them have their own TMS and CAT tools.</i></entry>
                        <entry>Most TMSs enable exporting packages to be processed in any CAT tool
                            (interoperability). As a result, <xref href="../glossary/g_lsp.dita"
                                >LSPs</xref> or freelancers can still use their preferred resources
                            with a possibility to translate in the TMS Editor as well (thus saving
                            on their license costs).</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><i>I feel it more secure when all translation memories are saved on
                                my computer. I don't trust cloud services.</i></entry>
                        <entry>The TMS provider will sign an <xref href="../glossary/g_nda.dita"
                                >NDA</xref> agreement with us and it ensures continuous back-up of
                            our data on several secure servers. Anyway, you can always lose access
                            to your hard drives due to a computer failure as well and then no one
                            will be to retrieve this content.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><i>I fear this change will have a negative impact on the translation
                                quality. An IT tool cannot be better than human.</i></entry>
                        <entry>All TMSs contain built-in <xref href="automatic_qa.dita">QA
                            </xref>and <xref href="lqa.dita">LQA</xref> features which automate
                            quality assurance and allow you to spot mistakes sometimes not easily
                            noticed by proofreaders.</entry>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>

    </conbody>
</concept>
