<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="which_companies_need_a_tms">
    <title>Which companies need a TMS?</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <conbody>
        <p>There may come a day in the life of an organization when the management considers the
            current translation and localization efforts are not enough for business operations and
            something must change.</p>
        <section id="section_dqn_nqj_jtb">
            <title>What are the reasons for a company to start thinking of buying a TMS?</title>
            <p>
                <ul id="ul_frt_4qj_jtb">
                    <li>The management has decided to enter new markets or go global.</li>
                    <li>So far the company has employed a few in-house translators who have worked
                        with desktop <xref href="how_does_it_differ_from_cat.dita">CAT tools</xref>
                        limited as to the sharing of translation resources (<xref
                            href="../glossary/g_translation_memory.dita">TMs</xref>, <xref
                            href="../glossary/g_termbase.dita">TBs</xref>) and it has become more
                        problematic because of their growing volume.</li>
                    <li>The company has outsourced the whole translation process to a third party
                        (agency, freelancers) and has no control over its translated content.</li>
                    <li>There are more and more complaints about the quality of translations due to
                        inconsistent terminology, no reuse of content, more work for internal
                        reviewers.</li>
                    <li>No one controls the costs of translations or knows how to reduce them.</li>
                    <li>There are concerns about security of translated data and the need is to have
                        it at a higher level.</li>
                    <li>Translation resources are not stored in one place: each department has their
                        own and there is no one who would collect and reuse them.</li>
                    <li>The whole translation process takes a long time: internal stakeholders would
                        like to make it quicker, also with the use of translation memories and
                        machine translation.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p>A TMS can be a solution to any of the above challenges.</p>
            <p>In addition, a TMS is the right tool for a company that:</p>
            <p>
                <ul id="ul_d3n_qqj_jtb">
                    <li>runs large localization programs</li>
                    <li>cooperates with multiple vendors</li>
                    <li>has large volumes of content to translate</li>
                    <li>works with files in different formats (a TMS can process a variety of them
                        so you can save on licenses for employees)</li>
                    <li>operates in a strictly regulated environment (e.g. life sciences)</li>
                    <li>wants to have the whole translation process centralized instead of dispersed
                        in different departments, thus saving on costs through a group buying
                        process of translation services.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p>However, a TMS is <b>not</b> the right tool for every organization. This can be when
                your company:</p>
            <p>
                <ul id="ul_jhn_qqj_jtb">
                    <li>is small or operates only in a few markets</li>
                    <li>has a very limited localization budget</li>
                    <li>has no in-house translation or localization experts</li>
                    <li>already has a content management system (CMS) or a product management system
                        (PIM) in place with translation features</li>
                    <li>invests costs in a TMS (subscription or installation/maintenance fees) that
                        exceed the savings generated from its use (TM discounts, <xref
                            href="../glossary/g_machine_translation.dita">MT</xref> use, less work
                        for internal reviewers and due to content reuse)</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p>In such cases CAT tools (with a server or group-sharing feature) or outsourcing the
                whole process to an <xref href="../glossary/g_lsp.dita">LSP</xref> would be a better
                option.</p>
            <p>
                <note type="remember" id="note_tgn_qqj_jtb">With the purchase of a TMS, a company
                    needs to employ relevant specialists such as: Translation Coordinator,
                    Translation Manager, Localization Specialist or Localization Engineer to manage
                    the system and process.</note>
            </p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
